
this should not be the respons for wrong credentials pls.
login should through 401 wrong password or email?
{
  "status": 500,
  "error": "Internal Server Error",
  "message": "An unexpected error occurred",
  "timestamp": "2026-05-07T12:52:36.4867336"
}

admin should also be able to insert vehicle:
{
  "status": 403,
  "error": "Forbidden",
  "message": "Access denied",
  "timestamp": "2026-05-07T12:59:14.0597317"
}

//
how is mutliple pending request for thesame car handled.
how is approval determined.
how are the dead pending request handled after one approval?

same field staff should not be able to make
same request for thesame vehicle multiple times.

write a chrone job

so this ist when a car is approve. whatever pending request of that same car
that exist, compare the end date of the approved and the end the start date of the
pending. if the enddate is after the start date of the pending. convert there request to


error on role not assigned is not good should not be five hundred:
{
  "status": 500,
  "error": "Internal Server Error",
  "message": "An unexpected error occurred",
  "timestamp": "2026-05-07T16:43:57.9231733"
}
{
  "name": "Samuel Gbenga",
  "email": "samuelgbenga972@gmail.com",
  "password": "Staff@1234",
  "role": "_STAFF"
}

thesame field manager should not be able to make same request to a particular car.
this should not be allowed.

admin should also be able to approve oh.


Auto-trigger by  by mileage covererd.

outbox events. that keeps event in situation where kafka fail so they are republished



the log/monitoring. using AOP

we can look at beautifying the app:

I want to believe this system works as such:
there is a configurable mileage for each vehicle. which can be set by the
fleet_manager, or admin. and can be set during the creation time.
but there is a default incase it is not set. (please move that default value to application
properties and set it to 3000,

after a field staff has been handed the vehicle for every completed trip.
the field staff is meant to submit a mileage report of that vehicle.

that mileage report/update will then be tracked by the system (note it is expected that  - a background  operate:
when the field staff drops the mileage after each trip they get an instance reponse like a
a default thank you or update/report successfull submited but the process of flaging maintainnance and
notifying fleetmanager is a background process)

so the mileage update is the report from vehicle odometer.
so the report that would begiven is not a pertrip mileage so you dont have to add new
mileage to an old.
since it is the lifetime mileage. the milleage is just updated directly - because
it is a report from the vehicle odometer.

so once the mileage gets to the configurable mileage of the vehicle set by the
fleetmanager or admin. a maintance should be flaged for that particular vehcile.
this should block the vehicle from being able to be requested.

also for a vehichle to be marked as completed from maintance (i.e not under maintance)
it will need an approval fromn the fleetmanager and the approval requires that
the fleet manager set a new mileage for that particular vehicle. that is greater that
the previous configurable mileage value.

a vehicle history should be its own table.
so ther should be a one to many relationship from vehicle to its Servicehistory.
it should contain the FullName of the FleetManger who wrote it.

so during the approval the manager is required give a service history of the vehicle.

so remove serviceHistory  field from the Vechile. it should be an entity itself.
also i should be able to fetch the vehicle history from the vehicle the other way round is not
allowed to prevent this infinit loop nonense.

do you understand everything that as been said.

Also: confirm for me: those the fleet  manage have the ability to create a ticket
for maintance and attach this to the maintainance team that the main.

does the maintainance have the ability to toggle the status/flag to in_progress and
completed?


 2. Can the maintenance team toggle to IN_PROGRESS and COMPLETED?
  - IN_PROGRESS — yes, via updateProgress().
  - COMPLETED/RESOLVED — currently yes, but this needs to change. Based on what you described, marking a vehicle as out-of-maintenance requires
  fleet manager approval (they must provide the new milestone interval + service history). So maintenance team should only go up to IN_PROGRESS.
  The fleet manager closes it.

there should be a way the maintance team alert the  fleetManager that they are done.
so there should be a state before completed. this state the fleetManger should get a message

an email notification that the task has been completed.
there should be that state to.
and also has the

